Describe the Miburo dataset found in the following paper?

The datasets described below are used to train and test
the machine learning models described in section 3.1.
NewsGuard Dataset NewsGuard [28] is a journal-
ism and technology company that rates the credibil-
ity of news websites. NewsGuard rates and scores
domains based on nine apolitical criteria that assess
basic practices of credibility and transparency. Do-
mains that receive a score below 60 out of 100 fail to
meet basic standards of credibility and transparency
according to NewsGuard and are classified as mis-
information domains. Domains with a score greater
than 60 are classified as non-misinformation domains
and are also used in our experiments. The domains la-
beled by NewsGuard as non-misinformation are also
referred to as authoritative news domains throughout
this paper.
GDI Dataset The Global Disinformation Index
(GDI) [38] is a non-profit organization that pro-
duces independent ratings of news sites’ disinforma-
tion risk. The risk rating are then used by advertis-
ing technology companies to ensure sites do not end
up supporting high risk websites. The dataset pro-
vided by GDI used in our experiments contains do-
mains 1436 domains that were manually verified as a
misinformation spreader.
Miburo Dataset Miburo [24] is a strategic analysis
and consulting company specializing in the detection
and countering of malign influence and extremism.
The dataset we compiled from reports provided by
Miburo contains 321 domains that were verified by
experts as Russian propaganda spreaders.
Edge Logs Dataset We collected three months
of instrumentation data from Edge, a desktop web
3
browser. Our analysis begins on January 1, 2022,
and ends on March 31, 2022. Along with the lists of
domains provided by GDI and NewsGuard, we also
queried the top 5,000 domains, ranked by unique vis-
its in the Edge Browser. Of these 5,000 the 4,974
domains not contained in existing lists of misinfor-
mation domains and will serve as part of the non-
misinformation domains dataset.
Subsequently, we collected traffic information.
The traffic dataset consists of a list of timestamped
visits to domains, together with inbound and out-
bound traffic information. Inbound traffic consists of
which domain is visited before the domain of interest.
Outbound traffic consists of which domain is visited
after the domain of interest. For our study, we col-
lected visits to all domains contained in the datasets
listed in Table 1, which includes misinformation do-
mains and non-misinformation domains.

The datasets