Describe the Sentinel 2 dataset used in the following paper?

We conduct two experiments to evaluate the accuracy
and computational trade-offs associated with alternative ap-
proaches to historical guidance in glacial lakes monitoring.
In the first experiment, historical labels are used to support
predictions across a series of timepoints in a new, moderate
resolution modality. Specifically, we use imagery from Sen-
tinel 2 from 2015 - 2016 for training, 2021 for evaluation, and
2015 - 2021 to infer overall trends. In the second experiment,
these labels support prediction using a new, high resolution
modality at a single future timepoint. These images are gen-
erated by MAXAR satellites and were obtained through Bing
Maps in 2021.
In both experiments, we train models using the ICIMOD
inventory of glacial lakes in the Himalayas [11]. These labels
were collected through manual selection and correction of
automatically generated hyperpixels generated on Landsat 7
imagery. The resulting labels are polygons whose vertices
encode lake boundaries. A histogram of lake sizes derived
from this survey is provided in Appendix Figure 9. A total of
3,624 lake boundaries are available.
Since they were curated using Landsat 7 images, these labels
will not exactly match either the Sentinel 2 or Bing imagery
used for training. For Sentinel 2, even after filtering to 2015
- 2016, differences in cloud cover, ice cover, and registration
can lead to inconsistencies. For Bing imagery, only the most
recent scenes are available, and lakes have likely changed from
2015 to 2021. Noisy labels can often lead to sensible models,
which is why we train models in spite of the discrepancy [1].
However, they may lead to biased evaluations.
For this reason, we have curated additional polygon labels
associated with the most recent imagery from Sentinel 2
and Bing Maps associated with randomly selected lake IDs,
restricting only to those lake IDs that were not sampled by
Sentinel in 2015 - 2016 or which were absent from the Bing
Maps training and validation sets. Specifically, 139 and 50
lakes were randomly selected from among these Sentinel 2
and Bing Maps candidates, respectively. The most recently
available lake image satisfying the same filtering criteria
used in the experiments below was then labeled. Since our
interest is primarily on the use of historical labels to improve
predictions on more recent data sources, and since many fewer
are available here compared to the ICIMOD inventory, these
labels are only used for evaluation, not training.

The datasets

